#summary Al-Qalam application is removed from Google Market

Al-Qalam application is removed from Google Market due to the copyright problem. We will redesign and change layout, and come back inshallah. Please be patient... 

** We have received following e-mail from Google : **

<< This is a notification that the application, Al-Qalam with package ID com.uzislam.alqalam has been removed from Android Market due to a violation of the Developer Content Policy. >>


** The reason is that Guided Ways Technologies Ltd. complained as follows : ** 

<< The following application (they mean Al-Qalam) has ripped off the whole user interface and its artwork (they mean from iQuran), which is exclusively the property of Guided Ways Technologies Ltd. They have not only stolen our artwork but have also stolen the exact same UI + Layout. We demand they cease delivery of this product immediately unless they *completely* change their UI and use their own artwork. We do not give them permission to steal or use our copyrighted material in any
way or form. >>

Okey, we don't want to argue with them. But, Al-Qalam is open source and free application. We intend to make no money or financial benefit from it. Al-Qalam has only 3 languages which are not available in iQuran lite, and targeted for people from countries who really can't buy iQuran Pro. Therefore, we did not include most languages those are already available in iQuran Pro ($4.88), not to compete with them. 

I just want to say *shame on Guided Ways Technologies (GDW)*. We have done entire coding and preparation of arabic ayat images, translations although we have learned something from iQuran. This does not mean we have ripped off everything from iQuran. It is Quran - Book of Allah, artworks of Quran is not origanally designed by GDW, it is already in hard copy of Quran. For example, juzz or sajda marks. Are they art of GDW? Nope. Then, can we say they have stolen design from hard copy of Quran printed in Saudia Arabia? 

Because we got 10% of design hints from GDW, and they say we have stolen everything. Anyways, we let it go... 

We, inshallah, will make new design and UI, and include every functionality the iQuran Pro has, and of course it will be open source and free. Maybe, this will make GDW happier?

If somebody wants to contribute to achieve our above mentioned goals, it is time for him/her to help us now.